iemon faces a couple cook updates before
we jump into what this video actually is
the 500 subscriber I choked on those
words within 10 seconds of starting this
video decide forever live stream it's
going to be Monday and I'm saying it
here Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday
I have to do it Monday I can't let
anything I can't let anything distract
me on Monday it was supposed to be this
week I know I said it was going to speak
some things came up that prevented me
from doing them um not terrible things
not bad things just things came up that
prevented me from actually sitting down
for a day and doing the live stream
Monday I'm doing it Monday you heard it
here make sure you follow me on Twitch
so you know exactly when on Monday
make sure you follow me on Twitter so
you know when on one day I really want
to get as many of you into the stream as
possible to chat with you guys and
celebrate five new subscribers yay
so make sure you come check it out which
here you can check it out okay let's
talk you guys so it's been a week since
the Salem crystal episode came out and I
have not reacted to it yet and I'm sure
you guys are like where is her reaction
I'm not doing a reaction of this episode
the reason is I was tremendously spoiled
on Twitter about the one thing that I
wanted to not be spoiled about and it
wasn't like oh well you waited too long
no it was when I woke up on Saturday
morning and it was already all over
Twitter like gifts and videos and
people's talking about it and spoiling
it it was just really really upsetting
and it made me not want to do with the
reaction that day and then for a couple
days and honestly I still don't want to
do it but I thought I waited 25 episodes
for this one scene in particular pretty
much or at least since episode 8 when
Venus came onto the scene this is what
I've been waiting for so I'm gonna react
to it not the entire episode just the
one scene and I haven't seen it I mean
I've seen it in gif format because it
was all over Twitter when I woke up on
Saturday but this is the first time
seeing it in the actual episode so in
that sense this is kind of a brawl
reaction just not the whole episode
I will be back to the very last episode
that we have confirmed so far next
Saturday for episode 26 I will do that
when I promise and I might just do it as
soon as it goes up so I might just stay
up all night and then do it at 6:00 the
morning because it's the last one so far
so anyway it was none of you guys I
don't think it was just some of the
other people I follow on Twitter and I
was really disappointed and upset about
it so that's why I'm not gonna do a full
reaction
it's not because I'm punishing you guys
it's just because I just still feel up
to it because you know so let's do the
one scene though because I love cheatin
so that's the cheating loose transfer
first transformation
so she's just broken free of black lady
like the black lady curse spell
goosebumps the music though
Oh
Oh chibi moon yeah so actually I haven't
even seen this episode yet because I've
been so upset about it so I'm gonna go
watch it in the comfort of my like
living room are choosing not to react to
it I should say but I did want to do
that one part because I knew that a lot
of people were excited about it with me
and it was adorable she's so pretty
I'm sure she'll get like I mean if we
get infinity and so on she'll get like a
transformation sequence that isn't I
don't know how to explain it she'll get
her own like standard transformation
sequence that's not just like part of
the context of the episode so yeah that
was this thank you guys so much for
watching I really just wanted to get the
news about livestream out and do this
one scene and explain why I haven't done
a reaction to this episode so that's
what this video is I hope you enjoyed it
even those in the full episode it was
long just a little taste of the full
episode but at this point it's been so
it's been a long time anyway so it
wouldn't even be like relevant to do it
anymore because it's been an entire week
but next week for sure I don't get the
26 and Monday livestream and all that
fun stuff so make sure you hit that like
button if you're excited for any of
those things and subscribe comment etc
I'll see you guys on Monday
you